all right here we go oh wait rookie
Perez sorry I won today looking for a
zoo Bukowski no big house key
james hardie
number 2 99's LOL are in there that's a
change steve slaton okay
ronnie brown explained enough number the
200 duel darren mcfadden DeSean Jackson
number 99 mm-hmm John David in your
booty Oh David booty we need multiple
colors Dustin Keller oh yes Jordy Nelson
tushar chores Felix Jones oh yeah it
will auto also go along as long as
editor but sure about the shard that
number 2 230 hero Keith Rivers yeah
number 241
good girl is a horse that's a biggin Oh
multiple colors there we go have an
O'Connell he's my new boy uh-huh we knew
Lonnie G Jamaal Charles Adrian Arrington
oughta so the last one should be a
letter patch letter pastor Pastor Jones
or jonathan stewart for a minute evo put
on mendenhall number 225 that's cool too
bad he's dead I just has a hurt shoulder
Betty dad that's trained Edwards that's
right i want it don't know where he's at
right now you think you're still a
little field here's ordered takeout all
right so yeah Pete all right guy how
bout we gon sitting there e430 forehead
yes our limas
dustin keller and i'm going to 81
marshmallow Kevin college on David booty
Felix Jones let's go number two 255 to
Felix's cool actually has I had a good
game is for further Marion Calvin
Johnson Kevin Smith Adrian Peterson Gale
Sayers dual auto number 2 99 let's go
yeah nice also go on what do they have
in common oh no out on the running backs
the Otis number 231 to make love it Joe
klappa sing yeah buddy no way how do you
get in Jonathan Stewart oh there's over
oh look Tom Zbikowski I thought oh
that's all now that's all now thank you
but joke office teen has a third year
card there's ain't perfect sorry Joe if
you're watching this probably nothing
else you're doing Lavelle Hawkins oh ok
that nice box too
you